README.md, before:

<br/>
<div id="theia-logo" align="center">
    <br />
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/eclipse-theia/theia/master/logo/theia-logo-gray.svg?sanitize=true" alt="Theia Logo" width="300"/>
    <h3>Cloud & Desktop IDE Framework</h3>
</div>

<div id="badges" align="center">

  [![Gitpod Ready-to-Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gitpod-Ready--to--Code-blue?logo=gitpod)](https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/eclipse-theia/theia)
  [![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-curved)](https://github.com/eclipse-theia/theia/labels/help%20wanted)
  [![Discourse status](https://img.shields.io/discourse/status?label=Chat&server=https%3A%2F%2Fcommunity.theia-ide.org%2F)](https://community.theia-ide.org/)
  [![Build Status](https://github.com/eclipse-theia/theia/workflows/Build/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/eclipse-theia/theia/actions?query=branch%3Amaster+event%3Apush+event%3Aschedule)
  [![Publish VS Code Built-in Extensions](https://github.com/eclipse-theia/vscode-builtin-extensions/actions/workflows/publish-vsx-latest.yml/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/eclipse-theia/vscode-builtin-extensions/actions/workflows/publish-vsx-latest.yml)
  [![Open questions](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open-questions-blue.svg?style=flat-curved)](https://github.com/eclipse-theia/theia/labels/question)
  [![Open bugs](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open-bugs-red.svg?style=flat-curved)](https://github.com/eclipse-theia/theia/labels/bug)

  Eclipse Theia is an extensible framework to develop full-fledged multi-language Cloud & Desktop IDE-like products with state-of-the-art web  technologies.

  **Theia 1.0 has been released. Read the [announcement](https://dev.to/svenefftinge/theia-1-0-finally-a-good-browser-ide-3ok0).**

</div>

<div style='margin:0 auto;width:80%;'>

![Theia](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/eclipse-theia/theia/master/doc/images/theia-screenshot.png)

</div>

- [**Website**](#website)
- [**Scope**](#scope)
- [**Roadmap**](#roadmap)
- [**Getting Started**](#getting-started)
- [**Contributing**](#contributing)
- [**Feedback**](#feedback)
- [**Documentation**](#documentation)
- [**License**](#license)
- [**Trademark**](#trademark)

## Website

[Visit the Theia website](http://www.theia-ide.org) for more [documentation](http://www.theia-ide.org/doc).

## Scope
- Support building browser-based and desktop IDEs
- Provide a highly flexible architecture for adopters
- Support VS Code Extension protocol
- Develop under vendor-neutral open-source governance

## Roadmap

See [our roadmap](https://github.com/eclipse-theia/theia/wiki/Eclipse-Theia-Roadmap) for an overview about the current project goals and the upcoming releases.

## Getting Started
Here you can find guides and examples for common scenarios:
- [Run Theia in Docker](https://github.com/theia-ide/theia-apps#theia-docker)
- [Run Theia in Gitpod - a Theia-based IDE for GitHub](doc/Developing.md#run-the-browser-example-with-gitpod)
- [Develop a Theia application - your own IDE](https://www.theia-ide.org/doc/Composing_Applications.html)
- [Develop a Theia plugin - a VS Code like extension](https://www.theia-ide.org/doc/Authoring_Plugins.html)
- [Develop a Theia extension](http://www.theia-ide.org/doc/Authoring_Extensions.html)
- [Test a VS Code extension in Theia](https://github.com/eclipse-theia/theia/wiki/Testing-VS-Code-extensions)
- [Package a desktop Theia application with Electron](https://github.com/theia-ide/yangster-electron)

## Contributing

Read below to learn how to take part in improving Theia:
- Fork the repository and [run the examples from source](doc/Developing.md#quick-start)
- Get familiar with [the development workflow](doc/Developing.md), [Coding Guidelines](https://github.com/eclipse-theia/theia/wiki/Coding-Guidelines), [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) and [learn how to sign your work](CONTRIBUTING.md#sign-your-work)
- Find an issue to work on and submit a pull request
  - First time contributing to open source? Pick a [good first issue](https://github.com/eclipse-theia/theia/labels/good%20first%20issue) to get you familiar with GitHub contributing process.
  - First time contributing to Theia? Pick a [beginner friendly issue](https://github.com/eclipse-theia/theia/labels/beginners) to get you familiar with codebase and our contributing process.
  - Want to become a Committer? Solve an issue showing that you understand Theia objectives and architecture. [Here](https://github.com/eclipse-theia/theia/labels/help%20wanted) is a good list to start. Further, have a look at our [roadmap](https://github.com/eclipse-theia/theia/wiki/Roadmap) to align your contributions with the current project goals.
- Could not find an issue? Look for bugs, typos, and missing features.

## Feedback

Read below how to engage with Theia community:
- Join the discussion on [Discourse](https://community.theia-ide.org/).
- Ask a question, request a new feature and file a bug with [GitHub issues](https://github.com/eclipse-theia/theia/issues/new/choose).
- Star the repository to show your support.
- Follow Theia on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/theia_ide).

## Documentation

- [API Documentation](https://eclipse-theia.github.io/theia/docs/next/index.html)
- Useful Links:
  - [Developing](doc/Developing.md)
  - [Testing](doc/Testing.md)
  - [Migration Guide](doc/Migration.md)
  - [API Integration Testing](doc/api-testing.md)
  - [Coding Guidelines](https://github.com/eclipse-theia/theia/wiki/Coding-Guidelines)
  - [Code Organization](https://github.com/eclipse-theia/theia/wiki/Code-Organization)

## License

- [Eclipse Public License 2.0](LICENSE)
- [一 (Secondary) GNU General Public License, version 2 with the GNU Classpath Exception](LICENSE)


## Trademark
"Theia" is a trademark of the Eclipse Foundation
https://www.eclipse.org/theia

Commit message:

Multi Window PoC - BASIC
Proof of concept of rendering views in a secondary
window while keeping the overall context.

Requires modifications to the Phosphor library to not throw errors when
widgets are attached to elements not contained in the original DOM.

Primary changes:
- Offer 'Move currently active view to new window' action
  (main and bottom views)
- Implement an external panel handler to manage secondary windows
- Allow opening "native" windows  in Electron
- Extract and integrate CSS in secondary windows
- Bridge plugin communication

README.md, after:

<br/>
<div id="theia-logo" align="center">
    <br />
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/eclipse-theia/theia/master/logo/theia-logo-gray.svg?sanitize=true" alt="Theia Logo" width="300"/>
    <h3>Cloud & Desktop IDE Framework</h3>
</div>

# Multi Window PoC

This PoC showcases multi window support in the Theia Electron example app

Build and run via:

```console
yarn
sed -e '/Host is not attached/s/^/\/\//g' -i node_modules/@phosphor/widgets/lib/widget.js
yarn electron build
yarn electron start
```

The PoC requires changes to PhosphorJS.
If `sed` is not available on your system (or has a different interface), you can also manually edit `node_modules/@phosphor/widgets/lib/widget.js` and remove the check in line 913.

Extract views to secondary windows via the `Sample menu > Move currently active view to new window` action.
The PoC tries to determine the last active view of `main` or `bottom`.
Usually it works best when the view to transfer is in `main`.

The PoC includes a built version of the [VS Code webview sample](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-extension-samples/blob/ac9bbf2e743ff0a25ebc82095c77b7c0a0fb4914/webview-sample/README.md).
It can be started via the "Start cat coding session" command.

# Theia

<div id="badges" align="center">

  [![Gitpod Ready-to-Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gitpod-Ready--to--Code-blue?logo=gitpod)](https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/eclipse-theia/theia)
  [![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-curved)](https://github.com/eclipse-theia/theia/labels/help%20wanted)
  [![Discourse status](https://img.shields.io/discourse/status?label=Chat&server=https%3A%2F%2Fcommunity.theia-ide.org%2F)](https://community.theia-ide.org/)
  [![Build Status](https://github.com/eclipse-theia/theia/workflows/Build/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/eclipse-theia/theia/actions?query=branch%3Amaster+event%3Apush+event%3Aschedule)
  [![Publish VS Code Built-in Extensions](https://github.com/eclipse-theia/vscode-builtin-extensions/actions/workflows/publish-vsx-latest.yml/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/eclipse-theia/vscode-builtin-extensions/actions/workflows/publish-vsx-latest.yml)
  [![Open questions](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open-questions-blue.svg?style=flat-curved)](https://github.com/eclipse-theia/theia/labels/question)
  [![Open bugs](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open-bugs-red.svg?style=flat-curved)](https://github.com/eclipse-theia/theia/labels/bug)

  Eclipse Theia is an extensible framework to develop full-fledged multi-language Cloud & Desktop IDE-like products with state-of-the-art web  technologies.

  **Theia 1.0 has been released. Read the [announcement](https://dev.to/svenefftinge/theia-1-0-finally-a-good-browser-ide-3ok0).**

</div>

<div style='margin:0 auto;width:80%;'>

![Theia](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/eclipse-theia/theia/master/doc/images/theia-screenshot.png)

</div>

- [**Website**](#website)
- [**Scope**](#scope)
- [**Roadmap**](#roadmap)
- [**Getting Started**](#getting-started)
- [**Contributing**](#contributing)
- [**Feedback**](#feedback)
- [**Documentation**](#documentation)
- [**License**](#license)
- [**Trademark**](#trademark)

## Website

[Visit the Theia website](http://www.theia-ide.org) for more [documentation](http://www.theia-ide.org/doc).

## Scope
- Support building browser-based and desktop IDEs
- Provide a highly flexible architecture for adopters
- Support VS Code Extension protocol
- Develop under vendor-neutral open-source governance

## Roadmap

See [our roadmap](https://github.com/eclipse-theia/theia/wiki/Eclipse-Theia-Roadmap) for an overview about the current project goals and the upcoming releases.

## Getting Started
Here you can find guides and examples for common scenarios:
- [Run Theia in Docker](https://github.com/theia-ide/theia-apps#theia-docker)
- [Run Theia in Gitpod - a Theia-based IDE for GitHub](doc/Developing.md#run-the-browser-example-with-gitpod)
- [Develop a Theia application - your own IDE](https://www.theia-ide.org/doc/Composing_Applications.html)
- [Develop a Theia plugin - a VS Code like extension](https://www.theia-ide.org/doc/Authoring_Plugins.html)
- [Develop a Theia extension](http://www.theia-ide.org/doc/Authoring_Extensions.html)
- [Test a VS Code extension in Theia](https://github.com/eclipse-theia/theia/wiki/Testing-VS-Code-extensions)
- [Package a desktop Theia application with Electron](https://github.com/theia-ide/yangster-electron)

## Contributing

Read below to learn how to take part in improving Theia:
- Fork the repository and [run the examples from source](doc/Developing.md#quick-start)
- Get familiar with [the development workflow](doc/Developing.md), [Coding Guidelines](https://github.com/eclipse-theia/theia/wiki/Coding-Guidelines), [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) and [learn how to sign your work](CONTRIBUTING.md#sign-your-work)
- Find an issue to work on and submit a pull request
  - First time contributing to open source? Pick a [good first issue](https://github.com/eclipse-theia/theia/labels/good%20first%20issue) to get you familiar with GitHub contributing process.
  - First time contributing to Theia? Pick a [beginner friendly issue](https://github.com/eclipse-theia/theia/labels/beginners) to get you familiar with codebase and our contributing process.
  - Want to become a Committer? Solve an issue showing that you understand Theia objectives and architecture. [Here](https://github.com/eclipse-theia/theia/labels/help%20wanted) is a good list to start. Further, have a look at our [roadmap](https://github.com/eclipse-theia/theia/wiki/Roadmap) to align your contributions with the current project goals.
- Could not find an issue? Look for bugs, typos, and missing features.

## Feedback

Read below how to engage with Theia community:
- Join the discussion on [Discourse](https://community.theia-ide.org/).
- Ask a question, request a new feature and file a bug with [GitHub issues](https://github.com/eclipse-theia/theia/issues/new/choose).
- Star the repository to show your support.
- Follow Theia on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/theia_ide).

## Documentation

- [API Documentation](https://eclipse-theia.github.io/theia/docs/next/index.html)
- Useful Links:
  - [Developing](doc/Developing.md)
  - [Testing](doc/Testing.md)
  - [Migration Guide](doc/Migration.md)
  - [API Integration Testing](doc/api-testing.md)
  - [Coding Guidelines](https://github.com/eclipse-theia/theia/wiki/Coding-Guidelines)
  - [Code Organization](https://github.com/eclipse-theia/theia/wiki/Code-Organization)

## License

- [Eclipse Public License 2.0](LICENSE)
- [一 (Secondary) GNU General Public License, version 2 with the GNU Classpath Exception](LICENSE)


## Trademark
"Theia" is a trademark of the Eclipse Foundation
https://www.eclipse.org/theia
